# Opportunists
The passengers of Opportunity largely consist of scavengers, freelancers, merchants, pioneers, etc and have opted to take advantage of the broken empire for personal gain. While infighting, even death, isn't too uncommon in their effort, most of these opportunists have adopted a code to operate within the fractured world. "Gain above all else" being their motto, they seek to harvest unique resources made available by the Fracture as well as remnants and riches left behind by those lost during the event. They have adopted the name "Opportunists", which is derived from the vessel responsible for their maiden voyage.
While many Opportunists operate independently, some operate under the banner of a separate mercantile conglomerate. Since these conglomerates often compete with each other, often decisions come down to who has the bigger gun or who's willing give up enough resources to get the others to side with them.

While feared, many see the Corrupted a premium trading resource if they can be coerced. Resources obtained through the Corrupted are typically very rare. They also regularly do business with Libra given hostilities from Stratum.

Many have been financed by an organization called the "United Wings of Uranus", or "UWU", who exist as one of the largest interstellar manufacturing and shipping companies in the galaxy. They large remain neutral in all efforts, even amongst their competitors, and often serve as the primary trading hub for even the most well-off conglomerates. They were also responsible for the construction and assignment of Opportunity for this purpose.

Since killing your trade partners tends to be bad for business, many Opportunists specialize in subterfuge over direct engagement. They practice being fleet on their feet and precise where it counts. Beyond that, they use their abilities to bolster allies with goods or devices they've obtained through trade. Most invest into top of the line barrier systems and basic, light protection. However, they generally have poor vitality given their aversion to combat in general.
