# The Corrupted
Born of the Fracture, the Corrupted consists of the lost souls and amalgams of flesh and metal that now pollute the planet's surface. They typically posses high physical strength or ethereal power, with the strongest among them serving as their "rulers".
That said, instead of a singular leader, the leadership of the Corrupted comes down to the "alphas" and major decisions are made through trials of combat - often to the death. It is not uncommon for one alpha to consume or destroy several others in a bid for supremacy or policy change.
Currently, the strongest alpha is the Matriarch known as "Kay-9". Her ability to self-replicate serves to make her a one-man army, and it allows them to single-handedly take entire territories with minimal effort. Despite this, many alphas still rise to contest her claim - Only to meet a swift and decisive end.

Opportunists have tried to barter with the more civilized packs of Corrupted, but given a pack's policy varies between alphas, it is a risky endeavor. Given the Empire's "shoot on sight policy", nearly all alphas have taken a similar approach to dealing with the loyalists. Libra on the other hand have opted to not directly confront members of the Corrupted to minimize causalities and to avoid unnecessary conflict while their true objective remains unresolved.

The Corrupted can best be described as literal monsters. They consume, tear, and destroy anything and everything they do not claim to be their own with few exceptions. Many lack complex intellect and most of their actions are driven by survival instinct.

The Corrupted prefer to engage targets in close range combat, though those gifted with ethereal taint can also launch devastating ranged attacks as well. Despite typically having high physical strength and vitality, the Corrupt have little in the way of protecting themselves from damage short of their own athletics. Those who can generate a barrier after do so in very limited capacity, making them vulnerable to large sources of damage. However, their high vitality means any small amount of damage they do take is healed off in a relatively short period of time, with some even being able to perform rapid regeneration under certain conditions.
