# The Fracture
The Fracture was a planetary devastation event which took place on the capital planet of Tanta'knoll. Due to a currently unknown series of events, the planet's core collapsed into a form a energy called "Aetherical Arcana", or Aether. The Empire of Tanta'knoll had used Aether extensively as a power source and a means of manipulating physical matter, so it has been hypothesized that the Fracture was caused due to either a freak accident or sabotage by rebels - However, neither theory has been confirmed.

Due to the nature of the Fracture, the planet is now polluted with an abundance of unfiltered Aether. This has made the surface nearly uninhabitable as all manner of creatures, mutants, and anomalies now overrun it. The most notable of which are the Corrupted, beings born or twisted by Aether.
    
The Empire has hastily scrambled an initiative to track down the source of the Fracture and attempt to restore the planet, but diving any deeper than the planet's surface has proven to be nothing short of suicide. While their research efforts are ongoing, not only do they have to deal with the Corrupted, but opportunists both new and old have sought to claim the broken world for their own purposes. The rebel forces of Libra seek to liberate the planet of the Empire's grip entirely, while various Scavengers and commercial groups compete to draw as much Aether from the planet as they can with it now being a giant battery for the stuff.

# Tainted Men
The Aether pollution has a number of effects on those who walk the planet's surface. One of the most immediately noticed is death, or rather, the lack thereof. When a living being or entity ceases to function, their bodies are consumed and later reformed by Aether. While many first thought this made death without consequence, some quickly found out that repeatedly being subjected to this cycle slowly warps you into becoming one of the Corrupted. However, there are ways to avoid the increasingly likelihood of this by minimizing how frequent your perish or using specialized Aether scrubbers to weaken the taint.

It is most commonly noticed that people working in Aether heavy environment, such as the harvesting or refining of Aether Crystals (AEC), that this issue is most paramount. For this reason, any attempts to interact with AetherCs without proper authorization is treated as a sign of corruption and offenders are usually detained and subject to intense scrubbing before being terminated. A death in this isolated environment is permanent, assuming the presence of Aether is minimal. It has proven effective even against the Corrupted.
    
Robotic entities do not benefit from this luxury, however they can be rebuilt as usual without incident. This makes them all but immune to Aether corruption. This does not apply to those cybernetic augmentations however. The body of the living serves as an anchor and it will corrupt them regardless of how much of their original body remains intact.
